# Harmonize Documentation

This is a Next.js application generated with
[Create Fumadocs](https://github.com/fuma-nama/fumadocs). 

It has been extended with custom processing and formating code to be able to parse and display exported `JSON` files from the documentation tool called `Sphinx` (including Sphinx documentation generated by `Doxygen` and imported using `Breathe`). Much of this processing has been organized into the `sphinx` directory.

- To publish content, move exported Sphinx files (Ending with `.fjson`) into the appropriate directories under `content/docs`. You may also create Markdown documents (with the `.md` extension) anywhere to provide supplementary documentation.

- To edit the home page, you can edit the files under `src/app/(home)`.

- The page sidebar order can be reorganized under `content/docs/meta.json`.

- To build and publish a static version of the site, please reference your corresponding GitHub workflow provided with this site code. This is usually located under `.github` at the root of your repository.

- To move the documentation to another site, make sure to confirm the Next.js subdomain settings under `next.config.mjs`.



## Getting Stated with Development

Run development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open http://localhost:3000 with your browser to see the result.

## Explore

In the project, you can see:

- `lib/source.ts`: Code for content source adapter, [`loader()`](https://fumadocs.dev/docs/headless/source-api) provides the interface to access your content.
- `app/layout.config.tsx`: Shared options for layouts, optional but preferred to keep.

| Route                     | Description                                            |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `app/(home)`              | The route group for your landing page and other pages. |
| `app/docs`                | The documentation layout and pages.                    |
| `app/api/search/route.ts` | The Route Handler for search.                          |

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js and Fumadocs, take a look at the following
resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js
  features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.
- [Fumadocs](https://fumadocs.vercel.app) - learn about Fumadocs
